GetGoing/step1/text.md, before:


# Installation
Lets Install the latest version of GO using the Linux Terminal.

<br>

### Solution
First we make sure we're in our home directory using

```plain
cd ~
```{{exec}}

We can list the current directory using

```plain
pwd
```{{exec}}

Now we need to install Curl

```plain
sudo apt-get install curl -y
```{{exec}}

Now we utilize Curl to download go from the official repositories

```plain
curl -OL https://golang.org/dl/go1.16.7.linux-amd64.tar.gz
```{{exec}}

We then verify the integrity of the downloaded file using a checksum

```plain
sha256sum go1.16.7.linux-amd64.tar.gz
```{{exec}}

At this point it is customary to verify the output of the checksum by cross referencing with the one posted on the download page. In the case the download page would be https://golang.org/dl/go1.16.7 

<br>

Ok now that you have verified the download integrity has not been discredited. We must move on to the next step. We are going to set our PATH variable, necessary for interfacing with our installed Go Binary.

We do this by edditing the ~/.profile config. Use Vi to open this file with
```bash
vi ~/.profile
```{{exec}}

and add this to the lowest point of the document.

```plain
export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
```

To exit Vi  
```plain
esc > :wq
```


Now we must refresh our profile:

```bash
source ~/.profile
```

Now we are at the point where everything should be working correctly. We can verify this by running:

```bash
go version
```



<br>

### Hint
<details>
<summary>Hint</summary>
<br>


</details>

Commit message:

Added additional descriptor lines and fixed a few command Exec functions

GetGoing/step1/text.md, after:


# Installation
Lets Install the latest version of GO using the Linux Terminal.

<br>

### Solution
First we make sure we're in our home directory using

```plain
cd ~
```{{exec}}

We can list the current directory using

```plain
pwd
```{{exec}}

Now we need to install Curl

```plain
sudo apt-get install curl -y
```{{exec}}

Now we utilize Curl to download go from the official repositories

```plain
curl -OL https://golang.org/dl/go1.16.7.linux-amd64.tar.gz
```{{exec}}

We then verify the integrity of the downloaded file using a checksum

```plain
sha256sum go1.16.7.linux-amd64.tar.gz
```{{exec}}

At this point it is customary to verify the output of the checksum by cross referencing with the one posted on the download page. In the case the download page would be https://golang.org/dl/go1.16.7 

<br>

Ok now that you have verified the download integrity has not been discredited. We must move on to the next step. We are going to set our PATH variable, necessary for interfacing with our installed Go Binary.

We do this by edditing the ~/.profile config. Use Vi to open this file with
```bash
vi ~/.profile
```{{exec}}

Copy this line

```plain
export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
```

Now Jump to the bottom line of the .profile with 

```plain
Shift + g
```

Press

```plain
i for input
```

and paste the line in

<br>

To write the change and exit Vi  
```plain
esc > :wq
```


Now we must refresh our profile:

```bash
source ~/.profile
```

Now we are at the point where everything should be working correctly. We can verify this by running:

```bash
go version
```{{exec}}



<br>

### Hint
<details>
<summary>Hint</summary>
<br>


</details>
